1. What is the Feasibility Study of the SDLC model & why is this important?

Answer: Feasibility Study is a step of Requirement Engineering. This step defines the vision and goal of a software. There are three types of feasibility. They are:
Technical Feasibility, Operational Feasibility, and Economic Feasibility.

        Feasibility Study is important because:
          i. It clearly defines what is possible and what is not from technical point of view.
          ii. In this step time and cost for the development of the software is determined.
          iii. The profit the software will earn for a client is determined in this step.
          
 2. Write 5 advantages of Agile methodology ?
 
 Answer: Agile method is a type of method followed for the development of a Software. Five advantages of Agile methodology are defined below:
 
    i. As big tasks are broken into smaller tasks it helps to create reusalbe components.
    ii. During development period a client can see the development of different blocks of the software. It builds client's trust and confidence.
    iii. During development phase if a developer leaves the project then a new skilled developer can grasp the tasks easily.
    iv. Individual's strength in speicific field like backend, frontend, database can be properly utilized.
    v. As requirments are placed at the very beginning if a major change is not needed then time and cost can be easily calculated.
    
 3. Write short notes on SDLC model phase.
 
 Answer: SDLC stands for "Software Development Lifecycle". Short notes on SDLC model phases are given below:
 
  Planning and requirement analysis:
    In this phase business is studied for which the software will be developed. Then the features and benefits of the software is determined. The time, cost, scope of the
    software is determined.
  
  Defining Requirements:
    In this phase the requirements are defined in data flow diagram. Data dictonaries are kept so that client and developer use the same terminologies.
    
  Designing the software:
    A prototype of the software is designed.
  
  Developing the project:
    The coding phase of the project is done.
  
  Testing:
    The written code is tested for bugs and errors. Customer acceptancy is tested.
  
  Deployment:
    The software is deployed in a server.
  
  Maintenance:
    The software is checked time to time if it is working correctly. Also, new enhancement may be intorduced.
  
